c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CofileUI\CofileUI\bin\Debug\CofileUI.exe.config
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CofileUI\CofileUI\bin\Debug\CofileUI.exe
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CofileUI\CofileUI\bin\Debug\CofileUI.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CofileUI\CofileUI\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CofileUI\CofileUI\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CofileUI\CofileUI\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CofileUI\CofileUI\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.IconPacks.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CofileUI\CofileUI\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CofileUI\CofileUI\bin\Debug\Renci.SshNet.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CofileUI\CofileUI\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CofileUI\CofileUI\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.EF6.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CofileUI\CofileUI\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.Linq.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CofileUI\CofileUI\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CofileUI\CofileUI\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CofileUI\CofileUI\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CofileUI\CofileUI\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CofileUI\CofileUI\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CofileUI\CofileUI\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.IconPacks.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CofileUI\CofileUI\bin\Debug\MahApps.Metro.IconPacks.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CofileUI\CofileUI\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CofileUI\CofileUI\bin\Debug\Renci.SshNet.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CofileUI\CofileUI\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CofileUI\CofileUI\obj\Debug\CofileUI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CofileUI\CofileUI\obj\Debug\CofileUI.csproj.ResolveComReference.cache
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CofileUI\CofileUI\obj\Debug\Resources\StringResources\StringCofile.baml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CofileUI\CofileUI\obj\Debug\UserControls\Cofile.g.cs
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CofileUI\CofileUI\obj\Debug\UserControls\ConfigMenu.g.cs
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CofileUI\CofileUI\obj\Debug\UserControls\ConfigOptions\File\comm_option.g.cs
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CofileUI\CofileUI\obj\Debug\UserControls\ConfigOptions\File\dec_option.g.cs
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CofileUI\CofileUI\obj\Debug\UserControls\ConfigOptions\File\enc_option.g.cs
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CofileUI\CofileUI\obj\Debug\UserControls\ConfigOptions\File\FileOptions.g.cs
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CofileUI\CofileUI\obj\Debug\UserControls\ConfigOptions\Sam\col_fix.g.cs
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CofileUI\CofileUI\obj\Debug\UserControls\ConfigOptions\Sam\col_var.g.cs
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CofileUI\CofileUI\obj\Debug\UserControls\ConfigOptions\Sam\comm_option.g.cs
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CofileUI\CofileUI\obj\Debug\UserControls\ConfigOptions\Sam\SamOptions.g.cs
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CofileUI\CofileUI\obj\Debug\UserControls\ConfigOptions\Tail\comm_option.g.cs
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CofileUI\CofileUI\obj\Debug\UserControls\ConfigOptions\Tail\enc_inform.g.cs
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CofileUI\CofileUI\obj\Debug\UserControls\ConfigOptions\Tail\enc_inform_line.g.cs
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CofileUI\CofileUI\obj\Debug\UserControls\ConfigOptions\Tail\enc_inform_reg.g.cs
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CofileUI\CofileUI\obj\Debug\UserControls\ConfigOptions\Tail\TailOptions.g.cs
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CofileUI\CofileUI\obj\Debug\UserControls\Decrypt.g.cs
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CofileUI\CofileUI\obj\Debug\UserControls\ServerMenu.g.cs
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CofileUI\CofileUI\obj\Debug\UserControls\Sqlite_LogTable.g.cs
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CofileUI\CofileUI\obj\Debug\UserControls\Sqlite_StatusTable.g.cs
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CofileUI\CofileUI\obj\Debug\UserControls\Status.g.cs
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CofileUI\CofileUI\obj\Debug\Windows\WindowMain.g.cs
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CofileUI\CofileUI\obj\Debug\Windows\Window_AddConfigWorkGroup.g.cs
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CofileUI\CofileUI\obj\Debug\Windows\Window_AddDataGridInConfig.g.cs
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CofileUI\CofileUI\obj\Debug\Windows\Window_AddJsonItem.g.cs
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CofileUI\CofileUI\obj\Debug\Windows\Window_AddServer.g.cs
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CofileUI\CofileUI\obj\Debug\Windows\Window_AddServerMenu.g.cs
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CofileUI\CofileUI\obj\Debug\Windows\Window_Config.g.cs
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CofileUI\CofileUI\obj\Debug\Windows\Window_EditFile.g.cs
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CofileUI\CofileUI\obj\Debug\Windows\Window_EnvSetting.g.cs
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CofileUI\CofileUI\obj\Debug\Windows\Window_LogIn.g.cs
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CofileUI\CofileUI\obj\Debug\Windows\Window_MainSetting.g.cs
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CofileUI\CofileUI\obj\Debug\Windows\Window_ServerSetting.g.cs
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CofileUI\CofileUI\obj\Debug\Windows\Window_ViewFile.g.cs
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CofileUI\CofileUI\obj\Debug\Windows\Window_ViewImage.g.cs
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CofileUI\CofileUI\obj\Debug\Windows\Window_Waiting.g.cs
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CofileUI\CofileUI\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CofileUI\CofileUI\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CofileUI\CofileUI\obj\Debug\CofileUI_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CofileUI\CofileUI\obj\Debug\CofileUI_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CofileUI\CofileUI\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CofileUI\CofileUI\obj\Debug\Resources\ConfigOptionResources.baml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CofileUI\CofileUI\obj\Debug\Resources\StringResources\StringResources.baml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CofileUI\CofileUI\obj\Debug\UserControls\Cofile.baml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CofileUI\CofileUI\obj\Debug\UserControls\ConfigMenu.baml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CofileUI\CofileUI\obj\Debug\UserControls\ConfigOptions\File\comm_option.baml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CofileUI\CofileUI\obj\Debug\UserControls\ConfigOptions\File\dec_option.baml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CofileUI\CofileUI\obj\Debug\UserControls\ConfigOptions\File\enc_option.baml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CofileUI\CofileUI\obj\Debug\UserControls\ConfigOptions\File\FileOptions.baml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CofileUI\CofileUI\obj\Debug\UserControls\ConfigOptions\Sam\col_fix.baml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CofileUI\CofileUI\obj\Debug\UserControls\ConfigOptions\Sam\col_var.baml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CofileUI\CofileUI\obj\Debug\UserControls\ConfigOptions\Sam\comm_option.baml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CofileUI\CofileUI\obj\Debug\UserControls\ConfigOptions\Sam\SamOptions.baml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CofileUI\CofileUI\obj\Debug\UserControls\ConfigOptions\Tail\comm_option.baml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CofileUI\CofileUI\obj\Debug\UserControls\ConfigOptions\Tail\enc_inform.baml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CofileUI\CofileUI\obj\Debug\UserControls\ConfigOptions\Tail\enc_inform_line.baml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CofileUI\CofileUI\obj\Debug\UserControls\ConfigOptions\Tail\enc_inform_reg.baml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CofileUI\CofileUI\obj\Debug\UserControls\ConfigOptions\Tail\TailOptions.baml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CofileUI\CofileUI\obj\Debug\UserControls\Decrypt.baml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CofileUI\CofileUI\obj\Debug\UserControls\ServerMenu.baml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CofileUI\CofileUI\obj\Debug\UserControls\Sqlite_LogTable.baml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CofileUI\CofileUI\obj\Debug\UserControls\Sqlite_StatusTable.baml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CofileUI\CofileUI\obj\Debug\UserControls\Status.baml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CofileUI\CofileUI\obj\Debug\Windows\WindowMain.baml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CofileUI\CofileUI\obj\Debug\Windows\Window_AddConfigWorkGroup.baml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CofileUI\CofileUI\obj\Debug\Windows\Window_AddDataGridInConfig.baml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CofileUI\CofileUI\obj\Debug\Windows\Window_AddJsonItem.baml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CofileUI\CofileUI\obj\Debug\Windows\Window_AddServer.baml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CofileUI\CofileUI\obj\Debug\Windows\Window_AddServerMenu.baml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CofileUI\CofileUI\obj\Debug\Windows\Window_Config.baml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CofileUI\CofileUI\obj\Debug\Windows\Window_EditFile.baml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CofileUI\CofileUI\obj\Debug\Windows\Window_EnvSetting.baml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CofileUI\CofileUI\obj\Debug\Windows\Window_LogIn.baml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CofileUI\CofileUI\obj\Debug\Windows\Window_MainSetting.baml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CofileUI\CofileUI\obj\Debug\Windows\Window_ServerSetting.baml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CofileUI\CofileUI\obj\Debug\Windows\Window_ViewFile.baml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CofileUI\CofileUI\obj\Debug\Windows\Window_ViewImage.baml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CofileUI\CofileUI\obj\Debug\Windows\Window_Waiting.baml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CofileUI\CofileUI\obj\Debug\CofileUI.g.resources
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CofileUI\CofileUI\obj\Debug\CofileUI.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CofileUI\CofileUI\obj\Debug\CofileUI.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CofileUI\CofileUI\obj\Debug\CofileUI.exe
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\CofileUI\CofileUI\obj\Debug\CofileUI.pdb
